jsecrest_agc2

Jennifer Secrest, AnneMarie Caballero, Assignment 2

Jennifer Secrest's Contribution:

---

Similar to Assignment 1, we worked on all parts of this assignment
together. Some work that I specifically contributed was the intial
creation/setup of the widgets, using class examples as a reference. I
also worked on the separation of our query statements into classes and
methods and ensuring the correct text formatting (especially for
details). We used live share, so we wrote a lot together, either coding
in different places at once or debugging our partner's code as they went
along. We created and tested all of the necessary errors together.

AnneMarie Caballero's Contribution:

---

Similarly to Assignment 1, we pair coded the whole assignment.
One thing that I contributed a lot to was the initial code
to create the server, and have it fulfill client requests.
Additionally, I also worked in particular on the methods 
for the signals from the widgets. Since we used live share,
all elements were coded together: either one person was 
saying ideas, and the other one was coding them, or we 
were both writing and rewriting code at the same time. 
As such, any individual element on the assignment is definitely
a result of both partner's work.

Help received from other people:

We got help at office hours from Anat Kleiman with a style issue:
ensuring the spacing of our box was correct. She helped us
switch the style of layout we were using. We receieved advice
over email from Bob Dondero and we had questions answered on Ed.
Additionally, any online resources are cited throughout the code.
Furthermore, we also used documents provided on the course
page/distributed in class.

Sources of information:

Stated above. Given through the course or cited throughout the code.

Time spent on the assignment: 13-16 hours

Assessment of assignment:

Jennifer Secrest: Again, we learned a lot through this assignment! I
became even more comfortable with SQL syntax and enjoyed figuring out
the GUI formatting. I also didn't know anything about networks before
this class so became more comfortable with that throughout this
assignment.

AnneMarie Caballero: I learned a lot throughout this assignment
especially about network programming. I also learned a lot about GUI,
but I think that PyQt5/desktop GUI in general is a bit unwieldy
and I preferred working with the networks.

No known bugs.
